------------------------------
userdemo demonstration program
------------------------------

This demo contains a simple utility to demonstrate the means by which a user
of DASHMM can define and register their own Expansion type with the library.
The class User is defined as a subclass of the abstract base Expansion type.
The minimal set of functions is implemented to produce a working code. There
are plentiful comments in user_expansion.h and user_expansion.cc describing
what needs to be done to register an Expansion with DASHMM. In usermain.cc
is a demo program similar to the one in ../basic/, but specialized to show
off the Expansion registration.

The intent of this demo is to either serve as either a sample with documentation
for extending DASHMM to include new Expansion types, or as a code to modify
directly for a specific use-case.


-----------------
Building the Demo
------------------

To build the demo follow these steps:

1) Build the DASHMM library.

2) In this folder, run 'make'.


--------------
Using the demo
--------------

To run the demo, type './userdemo'. This will run the utility with a set
of default arguments. The behavior of the demo can be controlled by a set of
command line arguments.

Options available: [possible/values] (default value)
  --nsources=num               number of source points to generate (10000)
  --ntargets=num               number of target points to generate (10000)
  --threshold=num              source and target tree partition refinement
                                 limit (40)
  --accuracy=num               number of digits of accuracy for fmm (3)

The current implementation of User just produces output indicating which
operations have been invoked.

There is one HPX-5 command line argument that may be of use. Specifying
--hpx-threads=num on the command line will control how many scheduler threads
HPX-5 is using. If this is not specified, then HPX-5 will use one thread per
available core on the system. In principle, the number of scheduler threads
is limited only by the available system resources. In practice, you will not
improve performance using more HPX-5 threads than there are cores on your
system.

The asynchronous nature of HPX-5 can be examined by running the demo with
multiple HPX-5 threads and examining that on subsequent runs, the output is
in a different order. Nonetheless, the same set of outputs occur. The graph
of the computation is traversed in each run, but the specific ordering of
operations is not guaranteed to be identical. By contrast, running multiple
times with a single HPX-5 thread will give the same output exactly.


-----
Tips
-----

One important design decision made on DASHMM is to be as much HPX-5 oblivious as
possible. Unfortunately, this means the error messages likely to be encountered
in the implementation of a user expansion is difficult to interpret. Often, the
error is caused by memory corruption in the implementation of the required
operators. To ease the implementation of new expansion, we recommend the
following steps. 

0. Choose cube distribution and set refinement threshold to 1. 

1. Run with 6 source points and 2 target points. This will test the S_to_M and
M_to_T operator. 

2. Run with 8 source points and 3 target points. This will test the M_to_M
operator. 

3. Run with 6 source points and 8 target points. This will test the M_to_L
operator or the combination of M_to_I, I_to_I, and I_to_L operators if
intermediate expansions are used. 

4. Run with 6 source points and 16 target points. This will test the L_to_L
operator. 
